Hello, freak bitches. Hello, everybody.
I'm live here with super Yogi, Bert Kreischer,
newly sober athlete,
resting heart rate of 47 47. That's pretty crazy. I talked to.
Her, I called my cardiologist right after I talked to you guys. Am I dying?
I literally was like, Hey, Joe Rogan said, I'm dying. And he's like,
first of all, he's like, I respect you a Rogan,
but please don't listen to him about your blood pressure medicine.
But I read somewhere that blood pressure medicine and, um, uh,
anti-anxiety medicine lowers your.
Head. Uh, yes, those are beta blockers. I don't, I'm not on that.
Which by the way I spiraled out and then my,
and I couldn't get my heart rate up as I was spiraling. So I was like,
I was like, I'm freaking out. Normally my pulse would be through the roof.
I call my doctor. He's like, no, you're healthy. He's like,
this is what we've been shooting for is you to stop drinking. So he's like,
let's just do what you're doing. He's like have a good time with it. And so, uh,
but yeah, my resting heart rates low, I,
my I've never felt better in my life to be dead serious with you. How many.
Days in our, you know, ideas, right? Were 12 days in say the 12th.
I'm one day ahead of that. Cause I quit the day before I quit the day before,
because I was because I listened to you guys and all the armchair doctors who
were like, you're going to die. You need to be medically induced into a coma.
Well, you were telling us that you were drinking six doubles a day.
By the way, I, I, I talk out of my when I'm drunk.
So I don't know how much I was really drunk because I was dead.
I was definitely terrified.
I was definitely terrified coming into the home stretch of getting sober.
Cause I was like, I was like, man, am I going to die? Like I literally sat.
And I talked to Dr. Drew about it and I was like, Hey man,
can I like die and stuff? And he was like, well, you can have seizures.
Like doesn't house, but I, uh, I stopped drinking.
I didn't even have withdrawals. It just.
Felt good the next day. That's amazing. Yeah. Killed Amy Winehouse. You know.
I heard I've Googled all this, but I think Amy.
Winehouse is just over the top. You've.
Gotta be the second you wake up till the second you pass out drinking.
Um, and by the way, there on that Australian tour, there were hints of that.
Like there was not,
I was flying in performing every night and I drink on planes.
I hadn't flown sober at that time. And so there was, I was, I was,
I've always been very, uh, measured with my booze. So I wasn't,
I wasn't going nuts. Did you feel good when you're doing that? Like how did.
You feel when you drink it and flying and you felt bad?
I actually felt really bad and I, and I think, and I think we all tweeted this,
but I was like, I was ready for this month. After that Australian tour,
I was definitely ready. That's a great way to go into not drinking.
Is flight Australia, do a tour for two weeks and then fly back. I was like,
bring it, dude.
You know what, man? I don't drink that much, but I feel way better too.
It's weird. It's like,
I would have like maybe a shot for going on stage some nights,
but some nights not. And then, you know, maybe someone go, you want a beer?
Yeah.
I'll have a beer and they have one or two and then maybe I'd have a glass of
wine with dinner. So, you know,
on regular Friday night I might have four drinks. And um,
now nothing for 12 days and no pot, I went off the pod too. I know.
Cause Ari was giving me such a hard time
[inaudible] and I was like, all right. I told Tommy, I was like,
I'm just going to quit and not tell them.
And then break it up at the end of the month. Like it's easy.
The pots have been easy, but the dreams have been different.
It is really interesting. How, when you don't smoke pot,
your dreams like ramp up. It makes me think like what? No,
honestly like, uh, just completely objectively. I mean like death,
can't be good and not be dreaming like right. Probably something happening. I.
I was my first few days of not drinking.
I couldn't get out of lucid dreaming. Ooh. And I was,
I was having intense lucid dreams where I was well aware I was asleep,
but I knew that if I could just, I knew,
but I knew that I was dreaming and I was like, don't get out of this.
You're having fun. And so, um, you have a dreaming has been intense by the way.
The really, my favorite thing is just sleeping good.
Like waking up at six in the morning and going like, feel good. Oh,
that and man, and by the way, I know that you're like,
are you like a Uber fan of podcasters?
There's like a lot of people I have been introduced to through your podcast.
And like Brennan Shaw is one of my favorite people. I love that guy.
He's awesome. And he gets coffee all the time. Now I look at that.
You get gives me panic. When I see him get a coffee for the past year.
I've been like, dude, how the is he doing that mean when I drink,
I can't drink coffee. Cause I start shaking. I get way too. Blood sugary.
Like.
Really? Yeah. Just regular coffee.
I haven't had coffee. I haven't had like a cup of coffee. Um,
in probably like maybe like eight months.
Yeah. What is it about coffee? Is it, do you put some in coffee?
No, it's just coffee. It's a yeah. Cause it's uh,
my blood sugar is low from drinking. I didn't sleep well.
I have a cup of coffee and it just, and then, then I would be like,
how does Brendan take naps in the middle of the day?
Like I could understand that, dude.
I enjoy getting up and going to Starbucks and getting a coffee more than I ever
enjoyed going to a bar. It is,
I get up and I feel like I'm part of the community.
I like say hi to people. We.
Landed from that first sober flight I took down.
I know that I'm going to sound like a child when we landed.
It was me and Brendan, Brendan Walsh was on my flight and he, and he was like,
randomly, he random. It was at my flight.
I'd talked to him through text the night before. And I was like, dude,
I'll see you on the plane. We got to lax. And he was like, yeah, I'm hitting up.
So Rocktober with you. I'm not going to drink either. And I was like, awesome,
man, really? Yeah. I said this and I've never said this. I go, Hey,
do you want to get a cup of coffee? And he was like, sure,
we both got coffees at like 10 in the morning at the airport. And I was like,
oh.
I got a whole day ahead of me. Like I got coffee on me. Like, dude, I.
Had the funniest Sunday I've ever had that. When I got home that night,
I was like, I won't be able to see about a cup of coffee. I want right to sleep.
Are you worried that, that this like right now,
you're in this really great place. Right? You're healthy. You're feeling good.
You're sleeping good. But are you,
are you thinking that this is just a vacation from your other life?
Or are you changing your life?
My therapist, when my therapist, when this started, he said,
do not do this challenge. I think it's a really bad idea. And I was like,
really? He goes, yeah, therapist.
Do you have, I've heard this.
Like Christina was mad at him yesterday at my therapist. Yeah.
Is this therapist telling him to,
because she's got a good therapist that she really likes, but I just don't.
Maybe your therapist doesn't trust.
No, he said, he said to me at one point he goes,
so how are you feeling? I said, good. I'm not having like any epiphanies.
I wish I had an epiphany, but I don't, I don't. I'm going to Tiffany.
I'm just enjoying it. I'm really having a good time. I was like,
I don't know if I'm, I don't know how I'm going to get back into drinking.
And he's like, that's why you shouldn't have done this.
If you want to quit drinking, you should have just done it for yourself.
You shouldn't done it out of spite for Tom orient, Joe. Yeah.
But it's not spite. It's a fun little challenge. Like I look,
I don't want to do 15 yoga classes in a month loving, but we're doing it.
It's great. But do you really want to have an obligation to have to do you know,
three a week? Yeah.
Do you do it? Yeah.
Dude, I can only work in those parameters. I can only work to the extremes.
Like when we said no pot, no booze. I was like, I'm cool.
Cause I'm not gonna smoke pot. If I'm not drinking booze. I'm a,
Teetotaller like, I take things to,
I take things to an extreme cause that's the way I can help compartmentalize
things. I think.
My question was like at the end of this month, when November 1st rolls around,
are you going to just go get up?
Uh, well obviously, yeah.
I'm going to be with Ari in new Orleans and new Orleans.
We're doing the impractical.
I'm going on a cruise November 1st big J Tony Hinchcliffe, Sarah it's gamma.
Like we're all going to be on the cruise with the impractical.
Those impractical jokers guys are killing it. Dude. They did the Greek.
I saw 6,000 people. insane mob did.
I would love to have sat in the front row where they sat me and on their show.
But I can't, man. I would love as a comic to be like, I'm better than this.
The man,
they forget up there and they have such great chemistry and they're showing like
inside clips and it's just a multimedia. Oh.
So it's not like up. It's like a bunch of different stuff that they do.
Like they show like pranks. They play on people.
They show more pictures from like their childhood, like things that,
because they've known each other forever. Then when they were younger,
they tell stories about them traveling together.
It's it actually is really a great show. Like imagine if I'm me, when Aryan,
Tom did a show at the store and we talked about sober October,
Tom and I would have a bunch of stuff very quickly that we could talk about our
hot yoga classes and Ari and all our texts. Like,
like one of my favorite things ever is when the Eve of sober October Ari
put, oh, sorry, such a con. He puts.
Out all our texts privately.
Behind that. We haven't been sharing with you on Instagram and tacos.
Tell me that isn't giving you panic right now.
Cause I don't know what I've said. Like we've all been like,
Joe's not quitting weed. And then Ari mannered,
Ari managed this coup de Todd against you for pray for Joe.
Already. Look, I look, I know.
He gets a lot of online and everyone's fun with Ari.
But I will tell you this has been exponentially fun because of his involvement,
because this is right in his little swing zone. Yeah. When, when you said your,
when you said I'm not, I'm not quitting,
we'd already then branched off to me and Tom he's like gentlemen,
get ready for the assault on Joe and both Tom and I were like,
I don't think that's a good idea. And I was like, no, it's happening.
I want you to get your comments ready. I want them to send in.
We're going to workshop each other's comments.
I want you to be the first comments on this video that I post on this thing
saying Joe is not taking part of sober October. So we're all sending in Tom.
I love Tom to death. He's such a cook. He, his first draft, I was like,
this will not be working. It's too, too pleasant to Joe.
We're going to re Burt and I will rewrite this for you.
Well, Ari has been, he,
I think he's handling this the least like he's, he's struggling.
Like he's saying this is harder for me than any of you. And I'm like,
I think he's being serious. I think he likes the marijuana for self-medication.
He does. And you know,
he has set his life up and I think if anyone looks at art from the outside end,
he set his life up for him. Yeah. He's got his, he's got a nice piece of cake.
Yeah. Great apartment in east village. He got all his friends.
They all go out every night.
He's got, you know, he's and he's one of the funniest guys. Would you ever go.
To New York to just call him up and go? What's the plan for today?
And he's like, I don't know. Let's get lost.
Let's go find some lobster somewhere.
But he's taken it seriously. He got mad the other day when I was with him.
And I sent that text saying that, uh, I listened to your podcast, Ari,
and it seems you haven't been doing all the poses,
but a good news is there's still plenty of days of the month to make up for the
15 different hot yoga classes. And he took it seriously and got, super mad.
Struck, panicking me. If you had told me, Hey Burt, those ones don't count,
but you can start over. You still have 50 days. I would've been like, off.
Like dude.
I was only with them. And then my second, I had to a two wing attack.
That was the first level. And the second level was like, look,
just go to classes and whatever things that you didn't do from the other
classes, you can just redo them on the honor system.
We don't have to do the whole class, just stand around.
Like I was totally with him, but he took it seriously. So.
By himself in this, I feel like, like he's in New York. Yeah.
So like text messages are.
Weird, man. It's not a good way to with people because you know,
you look at it as this mother serious. You like look at it and go, no, listen.
We're all professional comedians. And you're the rudest one out of all of us.
He said he hoped you were out.
Oh yeah. Yeah. And then I didn't understand the context. I go,
I hope you're Ralphie too. Like, and he was like, no, I hope you Ralphie.
And I was like, oh, you want me to die? Yeah. What? Oh, Cari.
He has been, he is the most flame throwing burn the bridges.
It's down kind of guy. It's awesome. Yeah, he's hilarious.
But I think that one of the things that stinks and I wish this had been part of
the bed, I wish it had stayed in. I wish he had,
you had gotten him that yellow Corvette and I wish that he had stayed in LA this
entire month and been able to be in a part of it.
Cause there is a communal like when, like today you're like,
Hey podcasts at one 30, you want to go yoga at 10 30? I was like,
I had a meeting at 10, but I would've loved that. Yeah. And like,
I love Tom will text me and go like this. And this is,
it's the fun littleness of this competition is like, Tom's like, Hey,
I can only go to four 30. Um, are you going to 1230? And I'm like, yeah.
And then Tom will be like, well Burt's a no show. I'm like, yeah.
Everyone looks at the distillery. The doughnut factories video is hilarious.
Check all the hamburger joints.
He is by the way, we having.
Fun with each other. But honestly I think Ari's taken seriously.
Like all that pray for Joe. Joe's a weed addict. It didn't bother me.
I thought it was funny. I was laughing. I repost it. A lot of it. Oh.
That was, that was the biggest dude.
I went on stage on in DC that first night and people were like, people like,
we should take a moment of silence. And I was like, yeah,
let's take a moment of silence.
Everyone brought their head and we prayed for you.
It was so much fun.
Wow.
It's like not smoking weed for 11 days is one of the easiest things I've ever
done in my life. It's not hard at all. I just don't smoke pot. It's not like,
wow, how will I go on a, I've been having some great sets. So that's a bit fun.
Those are some I've done probably in the 12 nights.
I probably done like 9, 8, 9, 8 or nine sets. There's a most sets.
I've done. No weed ever. Really? Yeah.
Like since I started smoking pot, like 20 years ago.
I real, uh, I did, uh,
I did spots at the store the other night and I had great stone sober and I,
you know, what's so funny is I,
I have a lot of apologies to issue on this podcast.
There's a lot of things that I said when we were drinking that I then,
uh, did and went, oh, I guess I was a little wrong about that. Like what,
like for number one is I don't drink on stage.
Like I didn't realize that there's a difference between not drinking on stage
and having a drink with you on stage.
There's a little bit of a comfort level knowing I can kill this drink and I
don't have to deal with this. Like, and that first night,
that Saturday night I went on with no booze for both shows.
And on that late show, I was like, oh, I could use a cocktail.
And I definitely drank on stage. Like I was like,
I wouldn't mind a cocktail right now. So.
You were thinking before that you didn't drink on stage.
I say, I go, I, this, the truth is I don't mind performing sober. I enjoy it.
But I would say like, if you had said, so do you get drunk on stage? I'm like,
no, never, but I definitely bring drinks on stage with me. Right.
And I like, if you had a breathalyzer tests, like have been on stage,
was driving, would you get it? Uh, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Oh point that's number one. Apology issued. Uh,
number two is, uh, uh, treadmills are not real running.
No, I told you, dude, you got.
To come do my course do it through the course I do with me. It's ruthless. Oh,
running Hills. That's that's where it's at, man, dude.
Uh, let's just say, um.
I didn't really,
like I run on the treadmill all the time and I'm all I can easily run under a 10
minute mile. Uh,
I go on the road and my first set of miles was like 12 minute miles. And I was,
I was in pain and I was like, whoa, this is not the same.
And then I got to a 10 minute mile. I was like, that feels like a.
You can sprint.
But you know, you can get, do we show you those treadmills that are,
they're really.
Expensive. I've thought about getting one. But so what I do now is I'm doing.
Some sort of a deal with them. What are, who are they go to rogue,
rogue athletics.
They're the guys who made the reverse hyper machine that we have in the back.
And, um, I'm actually, it's called true form. Yeah. Pull it up,
pull this out so we could see what it looks like.
But this thing is different because it's at,
you're actually pushing your own body weight. There's no machine behind it.
It's just got friction to it. And it's got like a slope and you run up on it.
And it really is like the closest thing to running.
I still think actual running is better, but that is a very close second.
According to wow, 5,000.
Bucks, they're really expensive to form hit me so expensive. They hit you up.
When they say, Hey to forum, hit me up. Hey.
Hey, true form. We'll do a free ad, but we're doing a free ad for you right now.
You flux. I don't know if we can afford that. That's a lot of money. Well,
some people can, you know, I mean, for sure some people would be,
it'd be willing if you had to have one piece of equipment in your house,
you know, and you budgeted it out 5,000 bucks. It's probably worth it.
If you could actually use it and get in great shape with it.
But I really feel like the best way to do it is to just go outside. I mean,
I think like,
especially if you can go somewhere where there's like a dirt trail and like a
lake to look at, it makes it more interesting.
It's been,
it's been one of the cool things about not drinking and getting out and doing
road work is, uh,
my wife calls it source energy of like getting out there and going like, oh,
it's beautiful. Life is really beautiful. Yeah.
I go to the park that like where Jo Jo used to live right by this park.
I used to go there all the time and see Joey. And uh, and I go to this park,
uh, once, every morning we go,
my wife will walk it and I run it and I'm loving it.
So what I'm doing is I'm doing road work probably three times a week.
And then twice a week, I get on the treadmill to settle.
I'm terrified of injury and then not being able to run. So I don't,
and I'm trying to run five days a week.
Are you worried about like planner or something plan? You had that for a while.
I.
Have plantar fasciitis and it's terrifying shin splints. What.
Do you get? You get it in the middle of your foot.
Like where are you getting that?
What is it like if this is your foot like right towards the heel. Oh yeah. Yeah.
And then sometimes it'll happen inside the heel and you'll feel it like when
your heel touches the ground, it feels like glass.
When you first doing yoga, are you noticing,
were you noticing rather that your foot was like a unstable and that like it's
her, it hurts your feet to try to balance on one foot and do the poses?
Uh, I did not notice that per se. I did notice that what I noticed it,
the one thing that is I've bet it is the reason I will continue doing hot yoga
or yoga in general, maybe, but probably hot yoga is I like the sweat is, um,
my feet are stronger. Yeah. Like we're a lot stronger. Like I,
I was going to say to Bobby Kelly, I was going to text him and go, Hey man,
you should start going to hot yoga because he has the same problem with plantar
fasciitis that I do and go, it really has strengthened my feet.
And when I run now I have no pain in my.
Feet. Yeah. It makes a big difference. Is Bobby still heavy?
Oh yeah. He's not. He's going on a diet. I w I was,
I was going to say this girl, we should fat shame him and get him healthy.
Yeah. I don't.
I'm not that close to them. I can't with them. I can with you guys.
Cause people get,
you got to know who you can with and who's going to take it seriously. Like,
I feel like I can't with Ari anymore. Like he takes it seriously.
He just needs to get, he needs over the hump of hot.
Yoga. He needs a, he needs to get high. Yeah. He needs a little weed in a hug.
He might need a little weed. We love Yari.